# Image-resizer-2018
* ## Description of the problem
    The problem consists in creating a program with which the size of an image is increased. The image is sent by the user through a .txt file (which represents the image), in addition the user must indicate the desired size or magnification.
* ## Description of the problem solution (classes and methods)
    To finish the large matrix, the assign color method is run, which receives a matrix class as a parameter, in this case the matrix that has the number of times that the colors are associated with each other to determine which color is most likely to go in a point. (x,y) of the matrix. The method iterates between all the cells of the matrix, which in turn looks at all its neighbors, to determine which color goes in a cell, it is tested with all the different colors and for each color its association value is added. to the matrix "associationweights". From there it is obtained which color is the one that had a higher value among the matrix and that number is put in the matrixGrandeFinal so that it does not affect the following result.
In the application class, the methods that make the enlargement of the matrix work are run and there is also a method that generates the file with the enlarged image, this method receives as a parameter a Matrix that has already been increased in size, to later generate the output of data. Finally, the run() method executes the two methods outlined above, run receives two parameters (obtained through main ) that correspond to the file and the desired magnification.
